Hi, how are you this video today?
which I hope you find useful for
your studies or to remember them the
troposphere is the lowest layer
next to the earth's surface of the
atmosphere of the earth as it
rises decreases the temperature in the
troposphere in the troposphere the
phenomena that make up what we call
weather the weather is the average time
for many years the time can
change every day but the weather
the changes always remain the same
of time occur during the day of 24
The time also changes with the
stations due to the inclination of the
land as it rotates around the
sun the weather is the result of the
atmosphere of the earth there where the
atmosphere does not exist on the moon by
example time does not exist some
factors that determine the time are the
temperature the precipitation the fronts
the types of clouds and the wind
and other severe weather conditions
are hurricanes and tornadoes
thunderstorms the stratosphere is
the second layer of the atmosphere of the
land as you climb the
temperature in the stratosphere increases
Ozone causes the temperature to rise
since it absorbs the dangerous light of the sun
and turns it into heat the mesosphere is
the third layer of the atmosphere of the
Earth the temperature decreases as
that goes up as it happens in the troposphere
it can be up to less than 90 g
it is the coldest area of ​​the atmosphere the
thermosphere is the fourth layer of the
Earth 's atmosphere is
above the mesosphere at this height the
air is very dim the temperature changes
with solar activity if the sun is
active
temperatures in the thermosphere can
get to 1500 degrees centigrade
the thermosphere of the earth also
includes the region called ionosphere the
ionosphere is a special part of the
atmosphere is not a separate layer but
that is part of the thermosphere the
long distance communication by radio
it is possible since the different
regions of the ionosphere reflect the
radial waves back to earth to
as it ascends in the ionosphere
the temperature increases
this is where auroras happen
last layer of the atmosphere of the earth
is the exosphere this is the area where
atoms escape into space
I wish that your expectations in the
video have been fulfilled and you get good
notes if you liked it and you have been
utility for saleh the video to your
classmates
You can also give it a thumbs-up
point up I like
thank you have a good day